PHASE-2 OF CASE STUDY FOR C-PROGRAMMING.
The program involves 8 files. 
The lib.h files involves structures for the code and also involves the function calls of all the files that are included into the code.
The main.c file involves the start of the code. The code asks the user to enter yes or no if they wish to start the program or not. If the user chooses to not start the program, the program ends and the user 
The code then executes the intro.c file which involves code for a menu which asks the user to pick from 4 options. Option-1: To enter the Student information, Option-2: To enter the marks of the student, Option-3: To display the information and the grade the student has obtained based on marks entered in option-2 and Option-4: To exit the program and display a "thank you" message.
If the user chooses option-1, the code will execute the file case1.c. In this file, the code asks the user to enter the student details such as student roll number, student name, student semester number, student section. After the user has entered the details, the code asks if the user want to enter the details for another student. If the user says yes, the code repeats the request for student details but now for a new student. After all the desired number of students have had thier details entered, the code then asks the user if they want to display the details of each student or go back to the menu. The user can decide if they want to use to display the details and then head back to the main menu or head back to the main menu directly.
If the user chooses option-2, the code will execute the file stud_grade.c . In this file, the code asks the user to enter the roll number of the student whose marks the user wants to enter. After the roll number has been provided, the user can then enter marks for each subject for the three examinations: ISA1, ISA2, ESA. After all the marks have been provided, the code displays the total marks obtained in the whole sem and total marks obtained in each subject for the entire sem.
If the user chooses option-3, the code will execute the file case3.c. In this file, the code asks the user to enter the roll number of the student whose details and marks it wants to display. After the user enters the roll number, the code displays all the details and the grade the student has obtained based on the total marks they had received for the entire sem.
If the user chooses option-4, the code will wish the user "thank you" and exit the program.
